Add docs on download stats (#1108)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/datasets-faq.md

# Datasets Frequently Asked Questions

## How are download stats generated for datasets?

The Hub provides download stats for all datasets loadable via the `datasets` library. To determine the number of downloads, the Hub counts every time `load_dataset` is called in Python, excluding Hugging Face's CI tooling on GitHub. This means that:

> * Whether the data is directly stored on the Hub repo or if the repository has a script to load the data from an external source, the download count is not impacted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The download count is the same regardless of whether the data is directly stored on the Hub repo or if the repository has a script to load the data from an external source.
```

> The Hub provides download stats for all datasets loadable via the `datasets` library. To determine the number of downloads, the Hub counts every time `load_dataset` is called in Python, excluding Hugging Face's CI tooling on GitHub. This means that:
> 
> * Whether the data is directly stored on the Hub repo or if the repository has a script to load the data from an external source, the download count is not impacted.
> * If a user manually downloads the data using tools like `wget` or through the Hub's user interface (UI), those downloads will not be included in the download count.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Hub provides download stats for all datasets loadable via the `datasets` library. The system is quite different from how [model downloads](./link to page) are counted

To determine the number of downloads, the Hub counts every time `load_dataset` is called in Python, excluding Hugging Face's CI tooling on GitHub. This means that:

* Whether the data is directly stored on the Hub repo or if the repository has a script to load the data from an external source, the download count is not impacted.
* If a user manually downloads the data using tools like `wget` or through the Hub's user interface (UI), those downloads will not be included in the download count.
```

Reviewer 2: note that this section is accurate now, but it's interesting to think how it could evolve if we move to support more data libraries in the future

> * If a user manually downloads the data using tools like `wget` or through the Hub's user interface (UI), those downloads will not be included in the download count.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If a user manually downloads the data using tools like `wget` or the Hub's user interface (UI), those downloads will not be included in the download count.
```
